Update Custom_Tables_Query_Filters.php (#4651)
the-events-calendar/the-events-calendar: readme.txt

* Fix - Correct docblocks in the file `Tribe\Events\Views\V2\Views\Traits\Breakpoint_Behavior.php` - credit goes to @IanDelMar
* Fix - Add missing closing tags on some admin pages to ensure valid HTML markup. [TEC-4807]
* Fix - Fix an issue where the import screen broke when the import limit type was set to "date range". [TECTRIA-103]

> * Fix - Changed `else if` to `if` in `filter_posts_join()` function to avoid database error. Credit goes to @datadiver0x0. [ECP-1562]

Reviewer: Changelog needs to be plain English. Not too technical.
```suggestion
* Fix - Changed logic within the custom tables query to avoid database error. Credit goes to @datadiver0x0. [ECP-1562]
```
